The Tools I Use
AI Writing Assistants
Jasper and ChatGPT: If you’re like most people, writing isn’t your favorite thing to
do. That’s where Jasper comes in – he’s your very own AI writing assistant that can
help with all sorts of writing tasks, from creating blogs and headlines to responding to
reviews. So why not give him a try? After all, he might just be the best thing since
sliced bread.
Frase: Looking to dominate the search engines with your blog posts? Frase is here to
help! With its powerful SEO tools, you can research your keyword, see how
competitive it is, and create outlines for your posts quickly and easily. And with AI
writer, you can breeze through the content creation process. So start your next blog
post with Frase – and watch your traffic soar!
Grammarly: Grammarly is your grammar coach. It helps you catch spelling errors,
improves grammar, corrects passive voice, and suggests improved writing structure.
The plagiarism checker helps you make sure your content is original. So whether
you’re a student, a writer, or just need to make sure your emails are typofree, Grammarly is there to help.
Design Tools
Canva: Looking to take your blog design to the next level? Canva is the perfect tool
for you! With easy-to-use drag-and-drop tools, you can create beautiful designs in no
time. Plus, with a library of over 1 million templates and tools, there’s something for
everyone. So what are you waiting for? Start creating gorgeous designs today!
SEO Tools
SEMrush: If you’re serious about SEO, then SEMrush is a must-have tool. With it,
you can track all your ranking keywords, perform in-depth keyword research, get
access to a content calndar and SEO Content Template, backlink outreach tool, SEO
audits, and more. In short, SEMrush makes SEO more effortless and more effective,
helping you get better results in less time.
All In One SEO (AIOSEO): Do you want to dominate the search engines and crush
your competition? Of course, you do! And with the All In One SEO tool, you can. It
has all the features you need to boost your website’s ranking and traffic. Schema
support, internal linking, and sitemaps will help improve your site’s structure and
visibility. And the headline optimizer makes it easy to write headlines that get results.
So what are you waiting for? Get started today and see the amazing results for
yourself!
Link Whisper: If you’re looking for an internal linking tool that can help improve
your website’s SEO, then Link Whisper is a great choice. It helps you find appropriate
pages to link to, which can improve Google’s understanding of the relationship
between pages and make for a better user experience. You can avoid orphaned content
and keep your site linked up nicely with Link Whisper.